terraform/README.md, before:

<!-- Remember to update this file for your charm -- replace __charm_name__ with the appropriate name. -->

# __charm_name__ Terraform module

This folder contains a base [Terraform][Terraform] module for the __charm_name__ charm.

The module uses the [Terraform Juju provider][Terraform Juju provider] to model the charm
deployment onto any Kubernetes environment managed by [Juju][Juju].

## Module structure

- **main.tf** - Defines the Juju application to be deployed.
- **variables.tf** - Allows customization of the deployment. Also models the charm configuration, 
  except for exposing the deployment options (Juju model name, channel or application name).
- **output.tf** - Integrates the module with other Terraform modules, primarily
  by defining potential integration endpoints (charm integrations), but also by exposing
  the Juju application name.
- **versions.tf** - Defines the Terraform provider version.

## Using __charm_name__ base module in higher level modules

If you want to use `__charm_name__` base module as part of your Terraform module, import it
like shown below:

```text
data "juju_model" "my_model" {
  name = var.model
}

module "__charm_name__" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/canonical/__charm_name__-operator//terraform"
  
  model = juju_model.my_model.name
  # (Customize configuration variables here if needed)
}
```

Create integrations, for instance:

```text
resource "juju_integration" "__charm_name__-loki" {
  model = juju_model.my_model.name
  application {
    name     = module.__charm_name__.app_name
    endpoint = module.__charm_name__.endpoints.logging
  }
  application {
    name     = "loki-k8s"
    endpoint = "logging"
  }
}
```

The complete list of available integrations can be found [in the Integrations tab][__charm_name__-integrations].

[Terraform]: https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform
[Terraform Juju provider]: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest
[Juju]: https://juju.is
[__charm_name__-integrations]: https://charmhub.io/__charm_name__/integrations

Commit message:

Setup repository for falco operator (#2)
* chore: update charmcraft.yaml

* chore: update pyproject.toml and uv.lock

* chore: update CONTRIBUTING.md

* chore: update terraform/*

* chore: update README.md

* chore: clean up placeholder in docs

* chore: clean up charm code from template

* chore: update changelog.md

* fix: failures in CI for docs

* fix: clean up docs

* fix: remove unnecessary accepted word and use 0.42 track in workflow

---------

Signed-off-by: Chi Wai Chan <chiwai.chan@canonical.com>

terraform/README.md, after:

# Falco Terraform module

This folder contains a base [Terraform][Terraform] module for the Falco charm.

The module uses the [Terraform Juju provider][Terraform Juju provider] to model the charm
deployment onto any Kubernetes environment managed by [Juju][Juju].

## Module structure

- **main.tf** - Defines the Juju application to be deployed.
- **variables.tf** - Allows customization of the deployment. Also models the charm configuration,
  except for exposing the deployment options (Juju model name, channel or application name).
- **output.tf** - Integrates the module with other Terraform modules, primarily
  by defining potential integration endpoints (charm integrations), but also by exposing
  the Juju application name.
- **versions.tf** - Defines the Terraform provider version.

## Using falco base module in higher level modules

If you want to use `falco` base module as part of your Terraform module, import it
like shown below:

```text
data "juju_model" "my_model" {
  name = var.model
}

module "falco" {
  source = "git::https://github.com/canonical/falco-operator//terraform"

  model = juju_model.my_model.name
  # (Customize configuration variables here if needed)
}
```

Create integrations, for instance:

```text
resource "juju_integration" "falco-loki" {
  model = juju_model.my_model.name
  application {
    name     = module.falco.app_name
    endpoint = module.falco.endpoints.logging
  }
  application {
    name     = "loki-k8s"
    endpoint = "logging"
  }
}
```

The complete list of available integrations can be found [in the Integrations tab][falco-integrations].

[Terraform]: https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform
[Terraform Juju provider]: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest
[Juju]: https://juju.is
[falco-integrations]: https://charmhub.io/falco/integrations
